hello to everything today a tutorial
hairstyle personally I have very very
hot right now and I turn a little
little round with the buns out of
shower or mistresses very high
placed very high perched on the head
so I wanted to offer you
a wreath of braids with flowers
fresh
if you do not have any, obviously
can use flowers here are
artificial or maybe flowers
recover on a crown of braids
already bought so I start in
releasing some a good wick on the
on it and recovering a big wick
of hair behind my ear and I
make a braid
once the braid is complete you can
to put it back tense
side magic how to leave on and
you fold all this on top of the
skull and you make it stand with a
flat clip that is brought to be
removed then
you create the same braids of the other
side
and you flap it and the end has to go
under the address under the first and you
make it happen with small
bun clips two are enough and for
the other could remove the flat pliers
and the end of the braid goes under the
first is the same we make it
chignin finally with 2 clip here
so four I think for the crown
suffice
that's if the heat will bother you
no more than that you can of course
stay like that but personally I
finish in little bun to try to
free the nick
so he'll just have to twitch a
little bit in every way the hair
on the back is stuck all that with
tweezers china
and here I use this if environt
if clip I'm going to put a little
last here everything is symmetrical
and it will be good then we must put
the flowers I chose small
white and purple flowers to go
with my outfit and I put lavender
lavender for smells
and here I am helped by a little water
small bun clips for
to fit
but that's if you if the little stems
flowers are hard enough you can
of course slide them between the
mesh of the braid here I hope that
this little hairstyle this little tutorial
quite fast and easy you will have liked
personally I immediately
much less hot and I can
start my day
good day to you all bye